Refactor docker install doc (#1252)
Enalean/tuleap-documentation-en: languages/en/installation-guide/docker/docker_standalone.rst

Docker Standalone
=================

> For anything but tests you should have a dedicated MySQL (**version 8.0**) and Redis (last stable recommended) databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For anything but tests, you should have a dedicated MySQL (**version 8.0**) and Redis (last stable recommended) databases.
```

  * **WARNING**: You cannot enforce encryption of Redis communication if you enabled Subversion because the underlying code, written in perl, doesn't support encryption.

The data volume must be mounted on ``/data`` inside the container.

Tuleap Community
`````````````````

You can init docker image in command line:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ docker run -ti \
        --restart always \
        --publish 22:22 \
        --publish 80:80 \
        --publish 443:443 \
        --hostname tuleap-ce.example.com \
        -e TULEAP_FQDN=tuleap-ce.example.com \
        -e TULEAP_SYS_DBHOST=db-tuleap-ce.example.com \
        -e DB_ADMIN_USER=root \
        -e DB_ADMIN_PASSWORD=${MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD} \
        -e TULEAP_SYS_DBPASSWD=${TULEAP_SYS_DBPASSWD} \
        -e SITE_ADMINISTRATOR_PASSWORD=${SITE_ADMINISTRATOR_PASSWORD} \
        -e TULEAP_FPM_SESSION_MODE=redis \
        -e TULEAP_REDIS_SERVER=redis \
        -e TULEAP_REDIS_PASSWORD=${REDIS_PASSWORD} \
        -e TULEAP_EMAIL_TRANSPORT=smtp \
        -e TULEAP_EMAIL_RELAYHOST=your-smtp.example.com:2025 \
        -v /srv/path/to/data:/data
        tuleap/tuleap-community-edition

> For future runs you don't need to pass all the environments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For future runs you don't need to pass all the environment variables:
```

        --publish 22:22 \
        --publish 80:80 \
        --publish 443:443 \
        --hostname tuleap-ce.example.com \
        -e TULEAP_FPM_SESSION_MODE=redis \
        -e TULEAP_REDIS_SERVER=redis \
        -e TULEAP_EMAIL_TRANSPORT=smtp \
        -e TULEAP_EMAIL_RELAYHOST=your-smtp.example.com:2025 \
        -v /srv/path/to/data:/data
        tuleap/tuleap-community-edition

Tuleap Enterprise
`````````````````
.. attention::

  This image is only available to :ref:`Tuleap Enterprise <tuleap-enterprise>` subscribers. Please contact your support
  team to get your access to the private registry.

You first need to authenticate towards Tuleap's registry:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ docker login docker.tuleap.org

You must specify the Tuleap tag you want to run (there is no ``:latest`` to avoid mistakes). Please note that you can either:

* Use the exact Tuleap Enterprise Edition tag like ``11.13-4``
* Or just run the head tag of the release like ``11.13``

.. code-block:: bash

    $ docker run -ti \
        -e TULEAP_FQDN=tuleap.example.com \
        -e DB_HOST=db-tuleap.example.com \
        -e DB_ADMIN_USER="root" \
        -e DB_ADMIN_PASSWORD="a fine password" \

>         -v tuleap-data:/data

Reviewer: question: should we match the fake path used above for TCE ?

I'm not sure if it's intended to be different. If it isn't, we could reuse the line `-v /srv/path/to/data:/data`

Same below at L97

Author: You are right, there's no real need to use a docker volume in that case. 
In any way, if the clients know enough about docker they can choose to use docker volumes instead.

        docker.tuleap.org/tuleap-enterprise-edition:11.13-3

The next runs won't need the environment variable so you can restart with:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ docker run -d \
        -v tuleap-data:/data
        docker.tuleap.org/tuleap-enterprise-edition:11.13-3

> When running, the container exposes the following ports:

Reviewer: suggestion: it feels like L100-L104 would fit better after L17

To put it another way, it's weird to see this at the end of the "TEE" paragraph, it applies to both images, so it belongs at the beginning with the explanation of the data volume and the env vars.
